Orange County Pedestrian Accident Attorney

Home  /  Practice Areas  /  Car Accidents, Pedestrian Accidents & Motorcycle Accidents / We Will Help You Recover Compensation For Your Pedestrian Accident, You Do NOT Pay If We Do Not Win

Contact us today for a FREE consultation with a pedestrian accident attorney to discuss how we can help recover money damages for you arising out of a pedestrian accident. You can reach us at 949-629-4349.

We Will Help You Recover Compensation For Your Pedestrian Accident,You Do NOT Pay If We Do Not Win
Have you experienced a pedestrian accident in Orange County?
At Nehora Law Firm, our pedestrian accident lawyers can help you recover compensation. We have represented clients throughout Orange County – from Fullerton and Anaheim, to Costa Mesa and Santa Ana – helping them recover the maximum possible damages. 
Contact a member of our legal team today to receive a free consultation. We will discuss your case with you, establish whether you have a case and chart a legal path toward settlement.

You may have been impacted by a pedestrian accident in many ways. Pedestrians are commonly hit by cars, trucks and motorcycles. The injuries vary – some minor, some severe, many fatal. Similarly, you may have suffered personal injury while cycling throughout the city.
 The precise compensation you’re entitled to depends on the nature of your injuries, the circumstances that led to those injuries and the long-term impact those injuries have on both your life and your career.
Request a Free Consultation 21 
Over the phone, in person or through email 14
What type of Consultation 16

Injuries Commonly Sustained 22 #375966
Given the nature of pedestrian accidents in Orange County, there are many possible types of injury you might have sustained. For example, we have represented clients who have suffered from: 15 lato black

For example, we have represented clients who have suffered from:


Of course, this list is by no means exhaustive. The potential for injury increases the greater the size of the vehicle involved. Whether the pedestrian is walking or cycling at speed impacts on the type and severity of injuries, too.  15 lato regular #726c66
We recommend consulting a qualified pedestrian accident attorney soon after the accident has taken place, preferably after medical assistance has been sought. We can hold those responsible for your injuries to account; a solid legal claim that establishes their reckless negligence.


Broken and damaged bones                                         maraid pro regular 16  #857d78
Spinal injuries – both minor and severe
Disablement and disfigurement
Internal injuries – organ damage and bleeding
Associated long–term emotional distress
Medical costs – past and ongoing
Loss of employment income
Impact the accident has on your personal life
Emotional and physical distress



Request a Free Consultation      18    #af9469   maraid pro regular
NO COST, we don’t make a dime unless you do!  14 maraid pro regular

Our Values
Honesty
Professional
Reliable
Integrity
Experienced  20  #dacba5


Pedestrian Accident Lawyers for You

Our legal team are here to help you. With our free consultation, we can discuss your case with you – learning about what happened, what evidence you possess to date, what injuries you have suffered and what likely compensation you’re entitled to. You can contact us by filling out our online form, or alternatively, by calling us direct at 949-629-4349 and one of our pedestrian accident lawyers will get back to you very shortly.

Thank you for considering Nehora Law Firm as your personal injury lawyers.

Disclaimer - The information on this website is not intended to, nor does it constitute legal advice. Similarly, no attorney client-relationship is formed by any person’s use of this website. Please see our Disclaimer & Terms of Use for further information.   15 

We have spent years defending large corporations  28  #cda968  

Such as insurance companies in bodily injury cases, and we have switched sides to represent injury victims. For this reason, we are intimately familiar with the weaknesses and  strategies large corporations and insurance companies employ in defending  personal injury claims. We know how to value cases and we know how to issue settlement demands that large companies such as insurance companies will be receptive to.   18 

CLICK HERE for a FREE no hassle consultation 19 

NO COST, we don’t make a dime unless you do! 16